README.md, before:

# Workspace wrapping the Stm32CubeProgrammer API

## Description
This workspace wraps the Stm32CubeProgrammer API to provide a rust interface. The API can be found in the directory where the Stm32CubeProgrammer is installed.

Inspired by https://github.com/wervin/stm32cubeprog-rs but using bindgen to generate the bindings.

Crates:
- `stm32cubeprogrammer-sys`: Bindings to the Stm32CubeProgrammer API (generated with bindgen)
- `stm32cubeprogrammer`: Safe rust interface to the Stm32CubeProgrammer API -> WIP
- `stm32cubeprogrammer-cli`: Command line interface to the Stm32CubeProgrammer API -> WIP (not yet existing)

## Usage
The bindings are generated with bindgen when running `cargo build`. The bindings are generated in the `src` directory of the `stm32cubeprogrammer-sys` crate. The header file `STM32_Programmer_API.h` and the whole `include` directory were copied from the `api` folder of the Stm32CubeProgrammer installation directory. This is tested with Stm32CubeProgrammer version 2.18.0. To create an instance of `CubeProgrammerApi` pass the path to the Stm32CubeProgrammer installation directory to the `new` function. The path needs to be the root of the installation directory, e.g. `C:\STMicroelectronics\STM32Cube\STM32CubeProgrammer`.

## Status
Working functionality:
- Basic discovery of connected st-link devices

## Warranty
This project is provided as is without any warranty.

Commit message:

feat: add support for the basic commands (including ble stack upgrade)

README.md, after:

# Workspace wrapping the Stm32CubeProgrammer API

## Description
This workspace wraps the Stm32CubeProgrammer API to provide a rust interface. The API can be found in the directory where the Stm32CubeProgrammer is installed.

Inspired by https://github.com/wervin/stm32cubeprog-rs but using bindgen to generate the bindings.

Crates:
- `stm32cubeprogrammer-sys`: Bindings to the Stm32CubeProgrammer API (generated with bindgen)
- `stm32cubeprogrammer`: Safe rust interface to the Stm32CubeProgrammer API -> WIP
- `stm32cubeprogrammer-cli`: Command line interface to the Stm32CubeProgrammer API -> WIP (not yet existing)

## Usage
The bindings are generated with bindgen when running `cargo build`. The bindings are generated in the `src` directory of the `stm32cubeprogrammer-sys` crate. The header file `STM32_Programmer_API.h` and the whole `include` directory were copied from the `api` folder of the Stm32CubeProgrammer installation directory. This is tested with Stm32CubeProgrammer version 2.18.0.

### Running the tests
The tests show how to use this crate. You can generate an instance of `CubeProgrammer` via its builder. The builder requires the path to the Stm32CubeProgrammer installation directory. The path needs to be the root of the installation directory, e.g. `C:\STMicroelectronics\STM32Cube\STM32CubeProgrammer`.

## Status
Working functionality:
- Discover ST-Link probes
- Connect to a target
- Write hex/bin file to target
- Save memory to file
- Mass erase memory
- Upgrade BLE stack
- Reset
- Get general device information

Functionality to be added:
- Enable readout protection
- Disable readout protection
- And much more.. PRs are more than welcome! 😊

## Platform support
- Windows: Tested
- Linux: Not tested yet but should work

## Warranty
This project is provided as is without any warranty.
